"Pain is an inextricable thread in the fabric of life, and to tear it out is not only impossible, but destructive:
attempting to tear it out unravels everything else with it. To try to avoid pain is to give too many fucks about pain.
In contrast, if you’re able to not give a fuck about the pain, you become unstoppable."
  In my life, I have given a fuck about many things. I have also not given a fuck about many things. And like the road not taken,
it was the fucks not given that made all the difference. These moments of non-fuckery are the moments that most define our lives.
  To not give a fuck is to stare down life’s most terrifying and difficult challenges and still take action.
There is a subtle art to not giving a fuck. And though the concept may sound ridiculous and I may sound like an
asshole, what I’m talking about here is essentially learning how to focus and prioritize your thoughts effectively— 
how to pick and choose what matters to you and what does not matter to you based on finely honed personal values. 
  This is incredibly difficult. It takes a lifetime of practice and discipline to achieve. And you will regularly fail. 
But it is perhaps the most worthy struggle one can undertake in one’s life. It is perhaps the only struggle in one’s life.
Because when you give too many fucks—when you give a fuck about everyone and everything—you will feel that you’re
perpetually entitled to be comfortable and happy at all times, that everything is supposed to be just exactly the fucking way 
you want it to be. This is a sickness. And it will eat you alive. You will see every adversity as an injustice, 
every challenge as a failure, every inconvenience as a personal slight, every disagreement as a betrayal.
You will be confined to your own petty, skull-sized hell, burning with entitlement and bluster,
running circles around your very own personal Feedback Loop from Hell, in constant motion yet arriving nowhere.

Subtlety #1: Not giving a fuck does not mean being indifferent; it means being comfortable with being different.
Indifferent people are afraid of the world and the repercussions of their own choices. That’s why they don’t make 
any meaningful choices. They hide in a gray, emotionless pit of their own making, self-absorbed and self-pitying, 
perpetually distracting themselves from this unfortunate thing demanding their time and energy called life.
Because here’s a sneaky truth about life. There’s no such thing as not giving a fuck. You must give a fuck about something.

Subtlety #2: To not give a fuck about adversity, you must first give a fuck about something more important than adversity.
The problem with people who hand out fucks like ice cream at a goddamn summer camp is that they don’t have anything 
more fuck-worthy to dedicate their fucks to. It follows that finding something important and meaningful in your life
is perhaps the most productive use of your time and energy. Because if you don’t find that meaningful something, your 
fucks will be given to meaningless and frivolous causes.

Subtlety #3: Whether you realize it or not, you are always choosing what to give a fuck about.
As we get older, with the benefit of experience (and having seen so much time slip by), we begin to notice that most of 
these sorts of things have little lasting impact on our lives. Those people whose opinions we cared about so much before 
are no longer present in our lives. Rejections that were painful in the moment have actually worked out for the best. 
We realize how little attention people pay to the superficial details about us, and we choose not to obsess so much over them.
Maturity is what happens when one learns to only give a fuck about what’s truly fuckworthy.

The idea of not giving a fuck is a simple way of reorienting our expectations for life and choosing what is important and what is not. 
becoming comfortable with the idea that some suffering is always inevitable—that no matter what you do, life is comprised of failures,
loss, regrets, and even death. Because once you become comfortable with all the shit that life throws at you you become invincible in 
a sort of low- level spiritual way. After all, the only way to overcome pain is to first learn how to bear it.

- The subtle art of not giving a fuck, Mark Manson
